but
teya
things kept
here
Yes
produces neither the shore just
some kind of misunderstanding i'm sure it's
it seemed to me
it just turned out
it's all nonsense
all this seems to me nothing happens
anything that is
method what is it
is it really
blood
and there's someone here
oh oh answer me like this from somehow
get out of here how do you fall so
dude what are you doing here doing
no longer
rate
zheka
is burning
take
bri you come to me
jake zilch like that here turned out to be after
all that happened 3
and grew
these ones
same
you are not jake
nibble bread you will never return to
this world
we will decide you
I am worthless of life
what is it you think you left and
what happens is happening
no on